Download module from here
Copy exfeatures folder content in modules/ directory
Go to Prestashop Admin Panel -> Modules -> Front Office Features -> exfeatures -> install
During to install walk throught next steps:
Creating table _DB_PREFIX_feature_group
Creating table _DB_PREFIX_feature_group_lang
Adding field ‘id_group’ to table _DB_PREFIX_feature
Adding table ‘position’ to table _DB_PREFIX_feature
Updating _DB_PREFIX_.tab table – class of tab ‘Features’ change from AdminFeatures to AdminExFetures from exfetures module
Update _DB_PREFIX_.tab table – class of tab Catalog change from AdminCatalog to AdminCatalogExFeatures from exfetures module.
Tabs replacement is one the same, you can do in Employees -> Tabs.
Intall script of this module do this automatically for you
Patch core file <adminFolder>/tabs/AdminCatalog.php
Do not very worry about this – everything what have been changed is visible of $adminProduct property of AdminCatalog class from private to protected.
Tests was show, that such replacement not damage system.
Copy ajax_ex_features.php to <admin> folder
Copy Product.php to /override/classes/_Product.php
Patch default (prestashop) theme for display grouped products.
File, which should be patched: themes/prestashop/product.tpl.
Please, make backups of this files before installing module.
Create default group.
After installation module, you can see only features, which belong to one of existing groups.
That’s why during installation was created one group with name ‘Common’ and all features, which exists in system moved in this group.
Everything of this you can see into exfaetures.php file in exfeatures::install() function.
Please click ‘configure’ to check whether or not module install properly